You mean 999. Yes, yes, I mean 999! Yeah, I know. That's the American one, you berk! Yeah, you need to turn it on... uh, the button turns it on. Yeah, you do know how a button works don't you? No, not on clothes. While he was eating, did you hear anyone laughing? Like... in the kitchen area? Yes! Yes I did, actually, yes I did. That'd be trouser food! While he was eating, did you hear anyone laughing? Like... in the kitchen area? Yes! Yes I did, actually, yes I did. That'd be trouser food! Might want to play a bit hard to get. 

Turn this skiff around! Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr: No not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It just makes me want to set myself on fire. Well, they got the Asian right… "hotties" might be a stretch. If that man's straight, then I am sober. I will be a bigger and hairier mole than the one on your inner left thigh!

Hello? I've had a bit of a tumble. I'll put this over here, with the rest of the fire. Unbelievable! Some idiot disabled his firewall, meaning all the computers on Seven are teeming with viruses, plus I've just had to walk all the way down the motherfudging stairs, because the lifts are broken AGAIN! How can you two... Don't Google the question, Moss! A gay musical, called Gay. That's quite gay. Gay musical? Aren't all musicals gay? This must be, like, the gayest musical ever. I'm a 32 year old IT-man who works in a basement. Yes, I do the whole Lonely Hearts thing! 

It's like they're pally-wally with us when there's a problem with their printer, but once it's fixed... Well that's easy to remember. 0118 999 88199 9119 725! ... 3! No, no, that's the music you heard when it come on. They just toss us away like yesterday's jam. He's had quite an evening. Someone stole his wheelchair. Did you see who it was? Red bearded man. Well that's easy to remember. 0118 999 88199 9119 725! ... 3! 

You can come down here any time and I'll be waiting for you! [slams down phone] That told her! We don't need no education. Yes you do. You've just used a double negative. Nicer ambulances, faster response times and better looking drivers mean they're not just the Emergency Services, they're your Emergency Services. When I started Reynholm Industries, I had just two things in my possession: a dream and 6 million pounds. Hello, IT. Have you tried turning it off and on again? You can come down here any time and I'll be waiting for you! [slams down phone] That told her! 

I will be a bigger and hairier mole than the one on your inner left thigh! I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball! She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for GOB. What do you expect, Mother? I'm half machine! I'm a monster!! Say something that will terrify me. Lindsay: F*** me. Tobias: No, that didn't do it. There are dozens of us! Dozens! But where did the lighter fluid come from?

We don't need no education. Yes you do. You've just used a double negative. Yes! Yesterday's jam. That is what we are to them!... Actually, that doesn't work, as a thing, because, you know, jam lasts for ages. Dear Sir stroke Madam, I am writing to inform you of a fire which has broken out at the premises of... A gay musical, called Gay. That's quite gay. Gay musical? Aren't all musicals gay? This must be, like, the gayest musical ever. I mean, they have no respect for us up there! No respect whatsoever! We're all just drudgeons to them! Yes! If there were such a thing as a drudgeon, that is what we'd be to them. 

There's unlimited juice? This party is gonna be off the hook. You want to have some guy reach around you in the middle of the night, start messing with your junk? I guess you can say I'm buy-curious. Hey, it was one night of wild passion! And yet you didn't notice her body? I like to look in the mirror. I'm a complete failure. I can't even fake the death of a stripper.

I know what an erection feels like, Michael. I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit?



